Oh boy.

This morning I had another epiphany. Maybe someone will say "I told you so".

Here are the pieces:
The whole payment exchange thing is too complicated. It is what gets people the most confused right now.
There is no fundamental reason to use US Dollars AT ALL for transactions between members. US Dollar transactions (through Dwolla) cost us something (on average). We do need to use Dwolla for getting money in and out, but not necessarily for transactions.
The reality of our current system is that there is no need for complete economic circles. All we need is for more money to be put in than taken out.
This whole mish-mash of mixed rCredits/USD transactions, with rebates and bonuses only on the rCredits part, and hearing about all the times you've traded USD for rCredits -- is confusing and contributes nothing to the viability of the system.
Unfortunately, we cannot have people trading all their US Dollars to the community (the entity that issues rCredits) in exchange for rCredits, because that would look like deposits and therefore would almost surely subject us to banking regulations. People CAN however trade their US Dollars to other members (and SOME to the community), in exchange for rCredits.

Therefore, I propose:
Once you put money in, it becomes rCredits, for all purposes. You get a 5% rebate on it (all of it) when you buy something. Your balance is just a single amount (not a sum). You don't get told every day how much USD you traded for rCredits. To you, as an individual participant, it looks just like a bank account, except that you get reward credits for joining, buying, selling, and inflation adjustment.
No more payment exchanges. As a business, you don't get an incentive reward for paying employees and suppliers unless you actually pay them through the rCredits system.
We continue to focus, for now, on recruiting more (attractive) businesses.
We allow any individuals in who work, shop, or live in Gfld, BUT limited to 4 times the number of participating retail businesses.
In general the system exchanges rCredits for USD at will, whenever it makes sense, but BEHIND THE SCENES. For example, it could exchange $10 worth whenever someone draws from their bank account. It might also exchange a little just before any purchase (if necessary, in order for the transaction to go through as rCredits).
For any transaction over $1,000, just the first $1,000 is in rCredits, the rest in USD (to avoid FinCEN regulation).
Similarly, tye system never does more than 
